Add news for TC39 in July 2021 (#95)
mozilla-spidermonkey/mozilla-spidermonkey.github.io: _posts/2021-08-09-tc39.md

* **Outcome**: Consensus.

### Restricting callables to only be able to return normal and throw completions
* [**Notes**](https://github.com/tc39/notes/blob/master/meetings/2021-07/july-14.md#restricting-callables-to-only-be-able-to-return-normal-and-throw-completions)
* [**Proposal**](https://github.com/tc39/ecma262/pull/2448)
* [**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BYX6iJqYJSNL0pR-De074hhQceXqNzGHTVyS9UesGZQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* **Summary**: This proposal tightens the specification language around the return value of
    callables. Prior to this change, it would be possible for a spec compliant implementation to have
    functions return with a completion type "break". This doesn't make that much sense and is fixed
    here.
* **Impact on SM**: No change
* **Outcome**: Consensus.

## Proposals Seeking Advancement to Stage 4

### Ergonomic Brand Checks
* [**Notes**](https://github.com/tc39/notes/blob/master/meetings/2021-07/july-14.md#ergonomic-brand-checks-for-stage-4)
* [**Proposal**](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-private-fields-in-in)
* [**PR**](https://github.com/tc39/ecma262/pull/2290)
* [**Spec**](https://tc39.es/proposal-private-fields-in-in/)

> * **Summary**: Provides an ergonomic way to check the presense of a private field when one of its

Reviewer: Nit: presence, typo

> * **Summary**: Provides an ergonomic way to check the presense of a private field when one of its

Author: ```suggestion
* **Summary**: Provides an ergonomic way to check the presence of a private field when one of its
```

* [**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UbbNOjNB6XpMGo1GGwl0b8lVsNoCPPPLBByPYc7i5IY/edit?usp=sharing)
* **Summary**: Checking an object for a property at the moment, is rather unintuitive and error
    prone. This proposal introduces a more ergonomic wrapper around a common pattern involving
    `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty` which allows the following:
    ```js
    let hasOwnProperty = Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty

    if (hasOwnProperty.call(object, "foo")) {
      console.log("has property foo")
    }
    ```
    to be written as:
    ```js
    if (Object.hasOwn(object, "foo")) {
      console.log("has property foo")
    }
    ```
    No significant changes since the last update.
* **Impact on SM**: Implemented
  * [Bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1711872)

## Proposals Seeking Advancement to Stage 2

### Array filtering
* [**Notes**](https://github.com/tc39/notes/blob/master/meetings/2021-07/july-14.md#array-filtering--grouping-for-stage-2)
* [**Proposal Link**](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-array-filtering)
* [**Slides**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fY_jsD8bVZ8P95Mr7cEr3WdCbhMLdEQ7OS5hhLCbfJ4/edit)

> * **Summary**: This proposal was two proposals bundled. It introduces a .filterOut method which is
>     an alias for a negative filter, such as `[1, 2, 3].filter(x => !(x > 2))` which would return all
>     of the elements less than or equal to 2. This did not move
>     forward. A second proposal, `groupBy`, which groups elements related to a condition (for
>     example, `[1,2,3].groupBy(x => x > 2)`, would return `[[1,2],[3]]`); GroupBy advanced to stage
>     1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Summary**: This proposal was two proposals bundled. It introduces a .filterReject method which is
    an alias for a negative filter, such as `[1, 2, 3].filter(x => !(x > 2))` which would return all
    of the elements less than or equal to 2. This did not move
    forward. A second proposal, `groupBy`, which groups elements related to a condition (for
    example, `[1,2,3].groupBy(x => x > 2)`, would return `{false:[1,2],true: [3]}`); GroupBy advanced to stage
    1 as a separate [proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-array-grouping).
```
